fix WhereFieldEquals returns string instead of list (#8528)
demisto/content: Packs/CommonScripts/ReleaseNotes/1_2_33.md

#### Scripts
##### WhereFieldEquals

> Fixed the next issue: WhereFieldEquals returns string instead of list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where `WhereFieldEquals` would return a string instead of a list.
```
